---
title: "Airtable Tool"
date: 2018-02-28T23:27:23-05:00
draft: false
---

<iframe class="airtable-embed" src="https://airtable.com/embed/shrQtqHwbYrbgUfo5?backgroundColor=green&viewControls=on" frameborder="0" onmousewheel="" width="100%" height="533" style="background: transparent; border: 1px solid #ccc;"></iframe>

## AirtableMy database ended up a bit smaller than what we started with. I could not find a good way to insert the transcript of the letters. Any copy ended up giving me 18 more records with the transcript spread over all of them. Not only that, but they were also un-readable so it was not useful that way. I did discover that if I add to the transcript field itself, “long text,” it did not make multiple records but I still had to type in transcripts by hand. Adding transcripts like that did not last long for me before I decided to leave in the webpage instead of typing it out.I discovered I could sort all of these by choosing the column and which alphabetical order I would want it in. I tried to set the date in order and was annoyed to see all my rows drop to the bottom of the spreadsheet. I never did do anything with the extra fields from trying to cut and paste but now I felt I had a problem. For the longest time I could not figure out how to delete the extra blanks rows. Finally, I figured out that I had to right click on the far left side where the “record” number is and delete. It was a little annoying to do each one separately but when I finished I was happy to have my list of letters in order by date. Then I noticed they were not in order by date. I realize I would need to somehow set the column to a date/number field to get it in the proper order. This time I did not spend as much time here before moving on. I did not end up using the “People” spreadsheet. I began by looking for the birthdate of these people somewhere on the website but did not find anything and then I realized that I didn’t have a residence, or even really, a gender. I did have, where these letters were mailed to so I thought “mailing address” would work better. No return address on these or I would have added that field too. I don’t know if I was supposed to have “Attachments” but those were all blank. In some of the letters it sounded like Cody did have attachments but we don’t have those. I also tried to insert an actual copy of the letters but I couldn’t get that to work. That seemed to have more to do with the website and their permissions.A couple little things – I was disappointed that Command Z does not work. That shortcut has gotten to be second nature anymore. I did finally see a “undo” popup in the bottom left corner of the spreadsheet page but that is much less helpful if I don’t realize right away that I did something I don’t want to do. I started to feel like I was playing a grind-y game. I’m going through some extra steps to get to what I want to get to but I’m not sure what it is I want to get to. This was actually a positive realization. I know when I have something I am actually working with I will be entering information into the fields and then have one little surprise after another as I discover better ways to connect the dots. I am not frightened away from Airtable. I kind of like it.