---
title: "Digital History for March 28th"
date: 2018-03-28T00:03:27-05:00
draft: false
---

## Digital History for March 28, 2018### Stephen Robertson, “Putting Harlem on the Map”
I was a little surprised that there was no mention of income level or the variances thereof. Robertson did mention crime, which goes hand in hand with crime. He did mention a man stealing to pay for his wife’s medical needs but that means that there is a poverty issue. The last two weeks have had me deep in Omaha neighborhoods. The highest poverty levels have the highest crime, as we know. As the neighborhoods get poorer and poorer we see less care for their property and the rise of violent crimes involving guns. As often as this kept being thrown in my face I was almost annoyed that it wasn’t mentioned in the article. I found the fact that the car accidents where mostly white people a little amusing but after a second thought, it certainly wasn’t very surprising. All of Robertson’s facts point to poverty. The fact that white people would come to that side of town to party did surprise me a little – I didn’t think they had the balls. ### Jo Guldi, “What is the Spatial Turn?”
I can think of a few backwards glancing maps I wish someone else could make for me…### “The Spatial Turn in History.”
I feel as though I may not have a lot to say about this one. I agree and can see where this subject matter is coming from.  The “double consciousness” of a person’s landscape is easy to see. The Nebraska motto “The Good Life” can be seen on peoples’ cars as a show of being proud to be a Nebraskan which goes hand in hand with being an American. Well I mean a U. S. citizen. I don’t know that I have heard anyone say they are proud to be part of the North American continent.  I wonder if I’ll ever get the chance to throw out a “Yeeaaahh! I’m Northern Hemisphere baby!” When we discover other life in space we can be snooty and say “I’m an Earther, my friend.” Then we will have a triple consciousness.
This stuck out at me – “the sensuous practices involved in the making of imaginal landscape.” That’s weird. “Imaginal?” hahahaha. That sentence is its own paragraph and I don’t see how it is connected to the paragraph before or after it. Maybe the discussion of using landscape in narrative to tout social propaganda is what she is referring to? The books listed don’t strike me as, well… sensuous. I double-checked the definition and now I’m just embarrassed. (oh there’s the connection- third paragraph down. Good thing too. It was the only reason I was still reading anyway)
I do understand the impact of landscape in narrative. I think there was an author who made this Native American tribe mystical in her books and now there are waves of tourists that go to see the tribe. Not surprised that the real study of what I consider more of a social propaganda, began in the Renaissance era. Of course, both sides of the political field use this. And that’s about it. Hm. Kinda anticlimactic there… I thought maybe… well okay.