---
title: "Digital History for Feb 14th"
date: 2018-02-14T22:47:27-05:00
draft: false
---

## Digital History – for Feb 14th 	The first article gave me the impression that Rosenzweig really wants to save and preserve everything. On p 742 he mentions that emails and their attachments are not searchable? I had to re-read this in wonderment as to who cares. Maybe he wants to save every text ever sent too. And their attachments! Does he know what kind of attachments he would be saving? Does he want billions of copies of Star Wars Kid and Numa Numa saved? Not that those weren’t awesome fun at the time… and a little bit now. There’s much more disgusting attachments to open. I have to admit that opening an attachment of a naked woman upside down with her own diarrhea fountain going into her mouth is not something I feel is worth saving. An image I wish I never saw and I could only take it out on this “friend” by never talking to her weird@$^ again.
Okay, so there, I admit that I do think there are things much more worthwhile than others. I can’t help but think of the graffiti written on the walls of certain parts of Pompeii. I can’t say that graffiti had an impact. Yes it sounded the same as what some smarmy kid of today would write but I don’t think it has much importance. Luckily importance is not up to me I guess.
Again Rosenzweig asks about authenticity. I just feel that that question can be applied to anything historical. He talks about older documents being verified as old and authentic  but doesn’t this contrast with the art world trying to make sure they have authentic paintings for the past century and beyond. This is an age old question that stretches across many different fieldsAt p 755 I feel that I am back to my feelings I stated in the first paragraph. I can’t imagine the Alexandria library containing every mundane day of thousands of housewives. He seems to be thrilled with gathering  “all information” and “complete collections.” On p 760 Rosenzweig states that “librarians and archivists who believe that selection, whether passive or active, is inevitable.” – I feel like I just got called out. I do believe there is an element of “natural selection.” I also believe that privatization of historical resources mentioned on p 762 will make that “natural selection” a selection of less quality.
I had to laugh at page 757- everyone becomes their own historian – I think he is overthinking how many people would take any interest in that.----
I do remember playing with Google Books Ngram – that was interesting and I believe we looked up “vampire” in class with Sharon Wood. We did not look up the men and women comparison. That was interesting – something I will end up remembering for years.----
I don’t hang out with my neighbors. We had a neighborhood picnic that made me realize I don’t ever want to hang out with them. I’m reluctant to keep in contact with my family let alone deal with a neighbor who feels the need to mow his lawn five days a week. I might have a slightly bad attitude.