---
title: "Digital History for Feb 21st"
date: 2018-02-21T22:53:27-05:00
draft: false
---

## Digital History for Feb 21I can’t believe Corbis would copy write a free picture. At first I thought that maybe they were trying to keep someone from taking their whole page but to put the watermark over the picture? Wtf? How infuriating. That must be bogus. Good luck taking anyone to court for a picture they got off of the government website. Putting that watermark over the picture must mean absolutely nothing. Thanks for taking our legal system down a notch Corbis. I wonder if anyone complains. One person spewing over that watermark must make them laugh. Oh and I don’t get the ‘you are allowed to walk across the bridge and no one can tell you how to walk.’ I mumbling-ly say “that’s not true, you can’t walk across it naked; There’s still rules.”Project Guttenberg, hmmm, I think that is where I have been getting my classics. I believe we mentioned this in a previous class. I have been making efforts to catch up on the classics that so many intelligent people are well versed on. I still need to see what all the Catcher in the Rye talk is all about. I will have to verify US copyright to see if I even have permission to read any more of those books. Ya know like when I get the time and if I don’t forget.  (or care)I had downloaded a piece of “All Quiet on the Western Front” thinking it would be helpful for the instructor to have that 8min clip of it – whew! Dodged a bullet there! I was surprised to here it mentioned here and once Rosenzweig mentioned the price for every 15 seconds I was thinking of how much my student loans were costing in comparison.The “Will you get Sued” section was exactly what I thought it would be. This seemed like a fairly informative article for an active historian. I kept thinking that if I was writing something and fretting over rights I would be nervously shifting through this article multiple times a week. As I read through the DCMI article I kept thinking back to the OHMS system I’m using now. This program also wants a standard vocabulary. We aren’t using it and I dread what will happen when someone decides that we need to. The vocabulary would be completely based on my vocabulary.I was not very fond of the Designing Sustainable Projects and Publications. I thought the attitude was a bit outdated. The author seemed skeptical of our online data storage sources. At times optimistic but I had an overall sense of this person being a bit of a downer. Again I had to check the date; 2004. Apparently, Pitti had no idea UI and UX designers would be at such a high demand, and didn’t he see the Valley of Shadow. And his talk about collaboration – I think we pretty well got that down now. No need for complaints. Lots of talking among historians that like that kind of thing and it would seem that face to face is not absolutely necessary. 