---
title: "Digital History for April 4th"
date: 2018-04-04T00:11:35-05:00
draft: false
---

## Digital History for April 4, 2018### “Visualization and Historical Arguments” by John TheibaultI couldn’t help but think back to some of the awesome visualizations we have already been through in class. The Napoleon advance into Russia was a happy memory. Then my smile was quickly wiped off my face as he brought up the accuracy of graphs and if they are valid to the information around it. I can’t say I have read anything that didn’t match with the visual. What does this guy read and how many people are opening up an article to not read it? I guess I do tend to read the print and pay less attention to the visual, especially, if the visual requires too much thought to interpret.  Okay, I decided to give Theibault that one. I suppose he might have a point. I don’t need to be contrary… What!? Failure of imagination! Okay buddy. Let’s see if you can come up with something new and original. There are a lot of options out there and I don’t know if there’s even a new way to put in visualizations with our 2d options so until everyone is wearing 3d visors… I’m I the only one who finds that last sentence in the paragraph after the Napoleon graph a little perturbing?
Hashimoto’s animation of nuclear testing seems to be imaginative but I think I have seen it before so we wouldn’t be able to claim it as new. I can’s say I have seen anything like Whitney Trettien’s work. Reading about it was so puzzling that I had to go to her website. I can’t help but wonder that this color coding choices would not be the most efficient way to go about writing. In a story, a person needs a timeline for things to make sense and picking chapters to read randomly would be confusing. In a textbook, information tends to build on itself and, I think, learning would be harder if I was picking through the readings randomly. Interesting though.### “Humanities Approaches to Graphical Display” by Johanna DuckerThe beginning of this article was very familiar to multiple readings that we have been through. There are warnings about the truth in data and graphs. Maybe repetition does make a memory, because I think the idea that data is very abstract really sunk in. I felt that the concept of data being about a fallible as the person who put it down or the person interpreting it made a lot of sense and I liked thinking of it that way. Soon, if there isn’t one already, there will be a study on all the studies. 
As the reading continues, the word “temporal” starts to get used a lot. I had no idea there were so many different ways to show information in 2d. I just made my own point some more from the previous reading. I gotta admit that as I read the words my mind started to wander. I couldn’t shake the feeling of being in a quantum physics class and only certain words jump out at me. “Humanistic phenomenon,” “elastic timeline,” “field that might fold or break,” “flux,” “sequence,” “times altered,” “perception,” “time/space,” “unconstrained.” I could really go on but I’m well over my word count here. 
I wanted to mention the ambiguity he left us in with the cholera graph of Dr. Snow. I had already researched this doctor and I was left unsure if Ducker was talking about the same man since there was no mention that this was done in London in the early to mid 1800’s. Apparently, this is the very man.  Unfortunately, I was unable to look at the map and know that it was London.