---
title: "Digital History for April 25"
date: 2018-04-25T18:55:32-05:00
draft: false
---

## Digital History for April 25, 2018### "What is Code" by Paul FordI discovered right away that this author has some strong opinions and I chuckled at a few key phrases and then I thought he was a little too disparaging. And then I read his opinion that programming does not require intelligence. Whoa! What?! There is one other person that I know that is a programmer and says “it’s easy.” That other guy is a fat lazy whiner who writes the crappiest, messiest, code that gets junked because it’s garbage. Paul Ford would be much more amusing if he was good at what he does but he keeps throwing out examples of his lack of knowledge. This was particularly frustrating until I learned that reading pieces out loud to my husband would get me a hilarious string of profanities. That avenue also tended to get me schooled but the subjects are not entirely uninteresting. For example, the comparison of PHP and JavaScript. PHP and JavaScript are not comparable. PHP is a server side language and JavaScript is a browser scripting language. Although you can see a lot of web frameworks using JavaScript as an available language, comparing PHP to JavaScript is like comparing the neurologist with a gynecologist. Yes, I am using Ford’s own reference of the many different programs having a variety of uses just as our medical field. The more I read, the more I think this guy’s skills are in complaining than in programming and I’m glad I’m not the one that has had to work with him. And no he is not allowed access to my camera when I get to the end of the article and it makes me angry that he would take pictures of people who read his article. I had some colorful names spewing out for that one.### "The Algorithms of Our Lives" by Lev ManovichThis article was a relief to read after that first one. I feel that there should have been more information with his visualization. We have just been going over how we need to make our visualizations understandable and now this one…  I like how broadly informative the article was, although it did almost seem to promote Google as synonymous with programming.### "The Cathedral of Computation" by Ian BogostI like that he brings up Netflix’s “algorithm” for rating a persons likes. When I started reading this I thought that I am not a programmer or a ‘writer of the code’ but I still do not have some kind of mythic ideas about algorithm. I think the crappy way Netflix works is exactly what spoiled it for me. If it wasn’t for Netflix telling me I would love this movie and it turns out that I wish I had those two hours back, maybe I would still be in fantasy land of magical data.  “Data-divine” oh my gawd. I think Bogost talks about “god” too much in this article. Oh no he has his picture at the end! I can only imagine the fanatics that want to tear him apart. 