---
title: "Digital History for Feb 28th"
date: 2018-02-28T23:13:23-05:00
draft: false
---

## Digital History for Feb 28Right off the bat I would say that the Spreadsheet Thinking vs Database Thinking would be great to have side by side with the OpenRefine class. I can’t help but think back to my skepticism of OpenRefine. I think I said something along the lines of it’s being just a spreadsheet, but reading this article makes things click into place. I was feeling better about things in general, until I read the comments, and now I’m appropriately back in my confidence-shaken place.In “Designing Databases for Historical Research,” I was surprised to realize that I hadn’t even thought of describing the source. Maybe not that surprised since I work with oral history. I noted this as something I will notice when I start the Omeka project. I have just read up to C4 in “Designing Databases for Historical Research” and I’m thinking about what was said about a person’s database getting out of hand as they try to get all their pieces of information in. I think about Apple and my iPhone. When I want to enter in an appointment there is a “notes” option for so many of them. ‘Them’ as in fields. Couldn’t this help in a database? An added note could be signified by a little plus sign beside the field. Thinking back to the previous reading though that might make it harder for a computer to read your data if the database had to “Pivot” to another spreadsheet. I don’t know if anyone even does that for historical logs. Probably had to be done somewhere, I suppose.Of course, the game talk is going to get me interested. Lev Manovich’s Database as a Genre of New Media piqued my attention as he began to discuss the game experience. These days I feel as though I know exactly how every game is going to play out. The logic is figured out pretty quickly and I don’t get the feeling that any new rules or logic has come up. The graphics have changed but not the story or the rules, not really. I did waste a bit of time on Kingdom: New Lands before I realized I don’t want to waste my time on that. That game does not present you with the rules and the player is left figuring out the rules themselves. After some frustration a player will just look up their wtf’s online. The kids keep playing it though – I wonder where they get their sense of accomplishment to keep playing it…?“What is more surprising is why the other end of the spectrum - narratives - still exist in new media.” I had to re-read Lev Manovish’s last few paragraphs to figure out why he said that. Then I went back further and re-read. He already talked about movies and game narrative and now he’s surprised narrative still exists? Considering games, movies, books on tape, history books for that matter, narrative will exist with humans until we die off. It’s how we learn. 