---
title: "Digital History for March 7th"
date: 2018-03-07T23:42:32-05:00
draft: false
---

## Digital History – March 7I am liking Richard White a lot. I like the guy right away. His first map is even interesting. I still found something to be contrary about – “what is often clear enough in French becomes fashionably murky in English.” I do like that line but I’m gonna say it’s not fashionable; it’s just murky. Like when you try to watch a French movie and you get to the end and your just mad – murky with loose ends whipping around in the wind. Yeah, yeah, Wow! That sums up a French movie perfectly!The second visual is awesome! All of them are great. I am happy to see Napoleon’s March. As his paper goes on I begin to see that this guy thinks of maps much more often than I had thought anyone could. I didn’t even think of a chart on the costs of grain by train could be immediately visualized as a map. Maybe a little since it is about travel but it’s not the first thing to come to mind. I have to wonder about maps specially if we were to end up with a city on top of another. There’s more space as we get further away from the surface. I’m sure it’s going to happen. What other reason will we have for inventing the flying car?I played on Map Warper for a bit. I picked the Dublin map. Two hundred years later Dublin is six times the size it used to be. I was a little shocked. Then I thought Dublin is too big for me but maybe if there was a nice sized town southwards I might live in one of those. As I glance down the coast I wondered if I had hit England proper yet. I zoom out. I was a bit shocked. I’m embarrassed to say that I thought Scotland was the island and that Ireland was actually the Northern part of England. Glad I cleared that up before I opened my big mouth! … I had to open my mouth. The response I got back was “you should have learned that in grade school.”    Grumble“Space, Nation, and the Triumph of Region: A View of the World from  Houston” gave me a better perspective of maybe what Richard White was talking about. I am only a few pages in, and I am trying to wrap my brain around this concept. It feels like a foreign concept. I’m struggling with it just as if I am having to learn full sentences at a time in a new language. I feel enlightenment coming on. Ooohhhhhmmmm.Again he says, “how newspapers create space!” It’s kinda mind blowing. I also can’t help but think of how Egyptians praised cats and if there was a search on cat video hits Americans might look the same. Since we are talking about geography here; is it really only Americans? Maybe the planet is obsessed with cats. Would the landscape change if all those cat video hits were broken down and this search on cat video searches turned out that a majority of cat video hits were actually about cats falling down. So if Egyptians praised cats and now we watch them fall down with glee… maybe that is why the bible has nothing tangible in it. I’m way off topic.The discussion about how often the Houston Daily Post mentions the South seems a little obvious to me. It’s the South. They would still be banded together after getting smacked down by their nation. The newspaper does bring out more of the Midwest. I remember being asked more than once, as a kid, if we had electricity out here. Would the readers of the New York Times be reading the Houston Daily Post? I don’t think there are very many.