---
title: "Week2"
date: 2018-01-24T21:56:57-05:00
draft: false
categories: [""]
---

## Digital History - Week 2Here are a few thoughts about our readings. First, I find it strange that “Time on the Cross” would use data from one plantation as the norm for all plantations. Maybe I read something wrong, but those authors are a prime example of misuse and misapplication of data that is subjective to multiple interpretations. There are common problems in statistics with taking biased human opinions and trying to make statistical data out of it.

I also noticed how there is quite a lot of love for hypertext. When Ayers was discussing it I remembered to check the date because I caught myself thinking “what’s the big deal, we use it everyday.” Well, the article was written in 1999 so hypertext was new and amazing and I realized I had something I took for granted.He certainly got to follow through with his big ideas of hypertext. How amazing to talk about the possibilities of the future and then actually see it come to fruition. Dan Cohen and Roy Rosenzweig also love the hypertext.Is it just me or is the picture of Lee Harvey Oswald and Jack Ruby playing rock music together just funny? Maybe this is before my time but I had the impression that people must have thought that was a real picture. It doesn’t look real it just looks funny. I wonder if the video of a giant hawk picking up and carrying away a baby will look totally fake to someone in the future. I’m glad I only saw that video in an explanation as to how fake it was. I might have cried otherwise.On the subject of fake - The History Channel has changed into more of a National Enquirer than an authority on history, anymore. National Geographic is almost embarrassing to watch because of its tactics of trying to dramatize what is being said. Chapter one refers to the “gimmicky” nature of presenting history (especially at the Smithsonian). Was the History channel still the authority in 2004 when Thomas wrote this article? Is it just that I’m in school that I know how tabloid-like it has become. This brings up the subject of what one of the authors wrote as “policing the boundaries of quality”- not a word for word quote. I think the author was in fear of all this fake information that would become available for anyone who can read and we would all assume it was correct because it is in print. I think the general public has adjusted with the times. Hasn’t Wiki pages taught everyone to pay attention to sources? Is this question actually a bias on my part because I have been in school? Do I even know what the general public thinks? Probably not, and my hate for social media is a bright red flag in that department.Cohen and Rosenzweig – sorry to get unprofessional here but WTF Man! I find it personally offensive that they had the idiocy to mention something as moronic as “Dreaming Arnold Schwarzenegger.” WTF. Very offended, hate you guys. Look, me practicing my social media personality.Quick note – No one mentioned how much history went into the Assassins Creed games.Two things I think about with the changing times – One, schools are not teaching cursive any more. A new generation of those who won’t be able read old documents is emerging. Those of us who teach our kids cursive at home will be creating adults who will be called upon to the rescue. Each like little Indiana Jones’s. Two – internet tools are always changing. It’s annoying how many times I have to change things because yet another internet tool went out of style and this new better one is being used. I used to use Dropbox. Now its annoying and about to be obsolete and I have to move everything to something just called “Box” but Microsoft is the evil IOI. Look at UNO too. Blackboard is now out and Canvas is in. I find the constant changing and moving of information discouraging but, hey, since I’m questioning myself, maybe I’m just getting old and resistant to change.In reference to last weeks discussion – I just found out DARPA is currently testing the whole computer chip in the brain thing. Think were we go from there.