---
title: "Week 4"
date: 2018-02-07T22:32:10-05:00
draft: false
---

## OpenRefine### What is challenging about the software?  
The software needs some UI work but other than that I think I may have had the wrong file of data or messed up with something early on. Hard to say since both files I entered as a new project did not match up with what the tutorial was talking about. I am skeptical of this tutorial. My UX on that tutorial is very low and I computer all day, so I’m not a complete idiot.### About working with humanities data? 
I don’t know. In class I could see how this program can work with multiple dynamics and I couldn’t help but think of it for medical and insurance papers since they both cross list each other and there might be amounts on three different mailings that are for the same thing but have different meanings. ‘Meanings’ is not the right word.For Humanities? I just don’t see how information from OpenRefine would be valid or be able to stand up to scrutiny. There must be something I’m missing because I don’t get it except as an Excel sheet for private use.### A Walkthrough on the Tutorial75,275 lines so I trashed it and went with their file. Well, now it’s 75,842 lines and looks terrible with a mostly blank page except for a 2x4in square in the corner with unreadable data in it, so I am going back through the previous steps since I deleted the first one. That was much faster and it’s still 75, 275.When I come to the “Remove blank rows” part of the tutorial I tried it three times only to have everything removed and be left with a blank project. I even tried deleting the “Facet” I had added in the previous step and still it removed everything. Four times. Okay, well I will just have to try and move on or this will never get done. Wait, wait it says “You can find them by unselecting the Numeric checkbox..” Where is that? Okay, reread and figured that out but instead of three rows I have ten. ARG! Again it deleted everything. Okay going back and skipping for real now.Edit Cells > Blank down removed 0 rows instead of the 84. And I did manage to click on the not so obvious Reorder rows permanently as the last step required. I also cannot click on “true” because “false” is my only option. Again “Remove all matching rows” deletes everything. Atomization didn’t change anything for me. When I looked at my 9 row there was no ‘Mineral samples|Specimens|Mineral Samples-Geological’ and none of the “|” symbol splitting anything. I’m starting to thing my data is not matching the tutorial.In Facetting and clustering my Set choice limit was at 13,000 and I lowered it to 5,000. The data I have says I have no clusters. I think I am done at this point.