---
title: "Week 3 - Part 1"
date: 2018-01-31T22:07:09-05:00
draft: false
---

## Digital History Reflection Week 3I don’t like the victim-like tone of the first article. “Many many fields” ug, please. Don’t use the same word twice when trying to make your point. “We need a more broad definition of digital history work to surface the involvement of women employed at non-academic organizations.” There would be so many more men that would also emerge here but that wouldn’t be fair would it. It’s weird how college seems to make fierce feminists or completely indifferent feminists. Not really a whole middle area there. The Fierce Feminists really destroy it for me. I find myself more on the defensive reading this. Initially, I think she just needs to let people do their jobs. Ayers came up with Valley of the Shadow and everyone else, male or female, is hard pressed to come up with anything that would top or match that.The 9/11 ECHO website is trying too hard. I would not even type in ECHO just to see what the whole thing is about. Maybe it is history but I would have to be a psychopath to rummage through something like that for too long. That has got to be gruesome.On a different note I was a little surprised that the author of the Transnational article thought to say that historians don’t like to collaborate. I was under the impression that this new digital age of digital history was making collaboration a new exciting venture that everyone was enjoying. I thought it a little contrary that she would mention this solidarity of the historian and yet her last paragraph is in thanks to all those she collaborated with. I may have also still been on the defensive after the last article. I did find it annoying that she is harping on something that has been an issue since man began to write. If everyone was so well versed in the cultures they were writing about, I’m sure words like “savage” and “nigger” would not have been so commonly used with our past historians.Rebecca Onion’s article made me lose faith in the public thinking a little more about the source of things. My question from week one is answered. I have just been university trained to think a little more critically. The rest of the public is the same as it has always been.Cohen mentions that the internet, or some form of computer network, has become some kind of giant global fax machine. What is this fax machine you speak of? Oh, it was written in 2004; fossil material. Cohen also mentions the historian’s collaboration on H-Net as a “vibrant, daily exchange.” Mayhap I am not so disillusioned to the excitement of the historian’s newfound ability to collaborate. I will never use his Syllabus Finder. Sounds like the boringification of history.The Promise of Digital History mentions Zotero – one of the tools I have been cautious to use but I do have it. Professor Wood showed us her Zotero. She practically needs another Zotero to hold everything. My hair rose in horror at the mass of information she was trusting to Zotero. What if they aren’t making the money to stay afloat? How do they make money to hire anyone to upkeep that thing anyway? There also seems to be enough women mentioned in this article. What percentage of those women are married? How many are lesbians? Whatever those numbers are, I’m pretty sure it’s not fair.They ask how to teach digital history and it makes me wonder how you feel about it. What if everything you have us experience in this semester is outdated in five years?Christine