---
title: "Week 1"
date: 2018-01-17T21:47:58-05:00
draft: false
---

## Digital History - Week 1
The first thing I had to note the second I read it was in Friedman’s “Electric Dreams” on page 27. Friedman mentions John Perry Barlow’s writing of “Declaration of Independence for Cyberspace.” The second I read that title I had an immediate feeling of angry bitterness. That very phrase is null and void right now. Then Barlow says “the digital age cannot be denied or stopped.” Oh, I think it could have been back in the day, but now it has become a necessity in many people’s lives. So much so, that we will pay the ransom to those who have been given the right to take it hostage. By ‘back in the day’ I am referring to the old computers that worked on one thing at a time with their batch processing. The History of the Internet video called this “quite inefficient.” And BBC’s “How the world came to be run by computer code” has a section on “Baby” that makes the idea of a computer seem kind of ridiculous. After watching that little video I felt surprised that we have the web and an internet at all.
Babbage may not of brought his computer to fruition but now I know who created “steampunk.” Does this mean that all the steampunk fanatics know the name Babbage? For the first time I somewhat understand where steampunk came from. It was always somewhat futuristic in their advancement of machines but their clothing never evolved. I kind of like the look of the clothes but it is not very realistic for two reasons that I can think of right now. One- tastes and styles in clothes always change. If not, we would still be wearing girdles and long puffy dresses and men would still be wearing high collars and top hats. Two- if the clothing remains stuck on the first steam powered engine idea why aren’t they dressed in ancient Roman? Nero tried to kill his mother on a steamboat somewhere around 60 AD. It was a new idea, at the time, experimental might be the better word, so he set it up to fail. It did fail. It collapsed on itself with his mother in it. Unfortunately for him, his mother knew how to swim and she got to safety. I better run grab the book I got that out of. “Ghosts of Vesuvius” by Charles Pellegrino. I even found the page numbers, chapter 7, pages 253- 256. Nero dreamed of steam powered sailing ships that would advance to being completely steam powered. Think were we would be today if he hadn’t been completely bonkers! And he had already invested so much gold in these technologies!
On a completely different note, I’d like to mention binary. I’ve never had to grasp the concept but I did know it was all about 1’s and 0’s. Unfortunately, Piers Lenney’s demonstration about binary with the glasses and sugar cubes was completely baffling. Not only did it not make sense but there seemed to be no logical reason. I do know that isn’t the case, so I ended up on Lynda.com for an explanation. “Electric Dreams” did talk about it a little in chapter two but not in a way I was able to absorb.I can’t get “bloatware” out of my head. It’s great word. Time to get back to more, ah, class research, with Sid Meier’s Civilization that I found  - [here](https://classicreload.com/civilization.html).-Christine Taylor